d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\obj\Debug\SelfbotV2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\obj\Debug\SelfbotV2.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\obj\Debug\SelfbotV2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\SelfbotV2.exe.config
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\SelfbotV2.exe
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\SelfbotV2.pdb
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Core.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rest.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rpc.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.WebSocket.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Core.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rest.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rpc.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.WebSocket.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\obj\Debug\SelfbotV2.exe
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\obj\Debug\SelfbotV2.pdb
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\obj\Debug\SelfbotV2.Form1.resources
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Providers.WS4Net.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Providers.WS4Net.xml
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.xml
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.xml
d:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
d:\libraries\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
D:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Webhook.dll
D:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
D:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
D:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
D:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Webhook.xml
D:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
D:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
D:\Libraries\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SelfbotV2\SelfbotV2\obj\Debug\SelfbotV2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
